Natalie Austin: Hello.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: How are you know
Natalie Austin: Are you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Are you Katrina. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Right heart.
Natalie Austin: Have you been before.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Have I been now.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Brand new. Yeah, my case manager for prison told me about you guys because I've been having trouble with transportation and stuff. And I just got out of President four bucks to go
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And she said, there's, you know, something that's all allied he told me, but you guys and I was like, well, let me try it out, see if it works.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, because I have addiction problems that a lot of you know mental health issues that need to be, you know, attended to. So
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That's why are
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Looking at, there was the corroded virus I it's hard to do what they say, like with my medical card and stuff.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They I can't get my battle car because every time I get it set the veil. I don't know why it just don't show up. I don't know what to deal with that is
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I was trying to get up for it out from job family. They're, they're close job family services are close. So I have my family resource lady. She emailed me it and then they said that they would accept that by just send it over through email.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then, you know, I don't have an ID there and they said that that was okay. So you guys are really actually work with the icon DAS. Oh, you know me.
Know,
Natalie Austin: What were you in the, um,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, are you court mandated to see us. You mean
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Now not court order, but I am all for all and I told my parole officer about it. And she said, well, just tell them my day job and you know evade so
Natalie Austin: So what are your addictions. What are we seeing you for today.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm addicted to heroin.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: By habit since I've been 16
Natalie Austin: It's already know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm 23
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, is
The IV.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A was IV for years and then now I'm only store it, but my tolerance is so high that I've, you know, been thinking about using the data.
Natalie Austin: But I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I really, really don't want to do that. And I just, I'm trying to get help to just get off the shit. You know what I mean.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, and then I have panic disorder real bad. And that plays into the addiction, because that helps it and I never had anything that you know will actually work for by panic attacks PTSD.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So it's like, you know, it's always felt that, you know,
Natalie Austin: Are you seeing a psychiatrist for the other for the PTSD and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So the let the family resource lady that sent me that I told her about you guys that she said, Well, do you guys do you just want to go through them. And I said, Yeah, because
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, it's hard for me to transportation and stuff. And she said, well, fax over our paper with your Lolita idea stuff. And she did that for me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So,
Natalie Austin: What at age 16 How did all this start. Why did you get into opioids.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, at first I was
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was drinking a lot. I was like a teenage alcohol it
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Is a you know a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I was getting in trouble for, you know, a droid striking and stuff like that. So I decided that I would do opioids because of my body they got out of your system at three days. So I was getting away with it with my of juvenile probation.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So that's really what started it. I, you know, I've always had to use up to for my panic attacks and you know basically self medicating
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know what I be
Natalie Austin: Well, because of your panic attacks.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My first panic attack. I remember was with my mom Fulford he was I I dealt with a lot of trauma.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She, uh, she got beat by our boyfriends for years to different was it I was young, you know I witnessed it at the age of nine first and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I think that's, I think that's what started it, but I can't really say, I don't know if it should edit.
Natalie Austin: One.
Natalie Austin: Hi. Natalie.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I will. Okay, I'll let you. I'll let her no
Natalie Austin: One second here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Here on
Natalie Austin: The call
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Why don't you get
Natalie Austin: God. Well, she's already halfway up here, we're trying to find out.
Natalie Austin: Back up here.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Do you get better education. I
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Know,
Natalie Austin: Okay, sorry about that.
Natalie Austin: Anything else in your past medical history.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Just, you know, addiction and mental health.
Natalie Austin: Mental Health anxiety stuff.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's fun to your, your picture.
Natalie Austin: Yeah I know I'm charging. I have to charge
Natalie Austin: This has to do with the charting
Natalie Austin: You're 16 or 23 now right
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Who's the person you know she said someone who it is.
Natalie Austin: Yeah I know she needed
Natalie Austin: Me on down there someone she didn't say it was, who was the person you're talking to.
Natalie Austin: Do attempts on her because she needed more up all my
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I just got off here, Australia.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I want to talk to Jen has asked for WHO IT IS SHE DIDN'T TELL ME WHO IT WAS
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no.
Natalie Austin: I would just go, just go. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Have you ever been to the Suboxone before
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, I took them, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A couple times my brother as prescribed down. But other than that, I've never been prescribed
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I've been trying to my mom, she was on Suboxone and she did great you know success, you know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I will, I will, you know, like, try it myself.
Natalie Austin: So you never, never took it before.
Natalie Austin: At all.
Natalie Austin: Did you
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I never would never had a prescription for it.
Oh, gotcha, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: And you gave us the pharmacy, you will be able to call it in for you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, CBS Sydney
Natalie Austin: He wants to switch screens up to do some charting
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Is thirsty, whereas in order
Galaxy J3 Orbit: To move this cuz
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm afraid to drink.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because my tooth hurts so bad. I'm
Natalie Austin: Going to get it out there.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Jersey.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So are you are you in withdrawal right now.
Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I just talked my last two days ago and she asked me if I was dirty and I told her. Yeah, I was.
Natalie Austin: You know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: He told me that I need to get into somewhere ASAP. And I told her, I'm all
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Ryan, do it. It's just nobody will take me because I don't have the medical card and me and and you guys accepted that for me was the paper.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Size of my own. The Pope
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll call it a prescription for you.
Natalie Austin: Today, okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, every day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Get real sick like go over our it's almost some guy go into seizure.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I have to go to the hospital. We're
Natalie Austin: Good another screen here.
Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Cigarette Justin took
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Don't like that phone or that charger piece.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right.
Somebody
This
It's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Sounds worry john
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I kept getting up cuz my tooth is stronger, I don't feel good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I got Charlie, but so if anything I come by somebody eat on
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This guy be nice to me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What for what
Natalie Austin: Okay, any other past
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, and addiction.
Natalie Austin: Any surgeries.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Natalie Austin: Family history or your parents still alive.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, my mom just died in October in a car wreck and then my dad. He died when I was at
Home.
Natalie Austin: Your mom didn't obviously others.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You're cutting in and out a little bit, but I think you said who raised me
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And my ball did
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay. Any other medical any medications.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: They're happy on try lift all in prison for my anxiety.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I told the doctor that it kinda
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Help, but I was still like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That off and he said that he wanted to
Put me on
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A. What's it called a clod appear, but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The President and allow it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So that I didn't get it, but I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Do you need it.
Natalie Austin: You need it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I need something for my diary. That's really a big one. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We're gonna let you see our psychiatrists. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll put you in for the psychiatrist okay me one second. I gotta send an email over or text over. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, great.
Natalie Austin: So, um,
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I have one brother and one sister.
Natalie Austin: Okay, the older younger
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Older on the baby.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: Do they have addiction issues at all.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, they're both strung out
Natalie Austin: Oh, I'm sorry.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it's bad.
Natalie Austin: Did your mother have addiction issues too.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Is that kind of where you got it from. Do you think
Natalie Austin: I'm or where do you think you got it from.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I mean, I can't really say who because you know it started out with marijuana went from our call that it went from
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, heroin than ever since I've been there, what it's been, I tried. Nothing else I've just been straight to the, you know, head with heroin and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But the first time I tried heroin was with a guy that was selling it. So, you know, but my body, you know, used to, you know, she smoked weed around me and stuff but no hard drugs, but then when I started using opioids, she started, you can with me so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And I guess your sister, your brother, your other siblings, you would use it to with her.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And they use now and I you know I stay away from them because they're running a muck you didn't break into law.
Natalie Austin: You know, I don't know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I can't do. I just got out of prison. I'm not trying to go back to prison. I'm trying to do the right thing, you know, China.
Natalie Austin: Good for you. I'm proud of you, you
Natalie Austin: Are young to us a good decision to make even
Natalie Austin: Being so young. It's awesome.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What did you go to prison for
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Possession of drugs.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you were like,
Natalie Austin: Did they come into your house or you got pulled over, probably
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Of what was that I got pulled over. Yep.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So, how long were you there in prison.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Another 12 months.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yep. And then my mom died right before I got out. So I didn't get to get her feet are already saved.
Natalie Austin: So sorry.
Natalie Austin: You can lose your mom when she died.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She was 50
Natalie Austin: Not young
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, I know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: In my, in my head. I always thought she was gonna die of an overdose. You know, like I prepare
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Anything can happen you know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And I always tell people that now, anything can happen so cherish your mom.
Natalie Austin: Yes, right.
Natalie Austin: Family history to they have to. They have any other medical issues just addict.
Natalie Austin: Sides addiction.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Mental health
Natalie Austin: You have no no
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, my mom had a lot of social anxiety and I have that to like when I go into stores and stuff. Are you know out in public, like I get, you know, nervous, you know, and then
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It goes into panic attacks and that's why I said it might be genetic
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're right. Yeah.
You know,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it's almost a combination of things like social anxiety, panic attacks and then you know I worry about that. It's like if I get a call for called. I say, Come diet. So I Google
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It see does stupid.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Bye. I, I just, I don't know what's wrong with me. I guess it's I'll bet you that
Galaxy J3 Orbit: My boyfriend set up an idiot.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're not an idiot. You're just saying
Natalie Austin: We should brain is going, you know, just going a lot
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay. He said he had never had any surgeries. No gallbladder appendix tonsils. You still have your tonsils.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, okay.
No surgery.
Natalie Austin: I'm social history, are you married single divorced
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Single
Natalie Austin: Any kids you have any kids.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I do. I had a daughter and 2012 I don't have already bore
Galaxy J3 Orbit: He was something took it away.
Natalie Austin: What happened, did you give her up for adoption.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I did voluntarily give her up for adoption. But yeah, she's adopted out
Natalie Austin: In 2004 you said
Natalie Austin: 2012 doesn't flow. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So you have a boyfriend now.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do you have them. Are you employed an employee looking for a job on SSI.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No other ploy.
Natalie Austin: Are you looking for a job or
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, just just got an application for the gas station, but I don't have my ID. So it's like, I can't do anything.
Natalie Austin: What happened with the ID. What do you mean
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I got. Okay, so I went through everything. It was hard to get my day because I got out of prison and they're supposed to give you
Galaxy J3 Orbit: This was be quiet. They're supposed to turn that light on. Oh, oh, the power went out. Can you see me.
Natalie Austin: Here I can see you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So the prison was supposed to give me a release it, but their system was shut down. So they didn't give me an ID.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So you could have just heard that idea to via via get an ID. So I had to go through all that stuff get my birth certificate Gaddy get funding for that because I didn't have money get by a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Proof of address you know how to get that and I didn't have no bail to show that yet. I had to get
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A voucher to pay for. So I went through all this stuff and got it. And then my sister stole it. She won't give it back. She stole all my clothes. I don't get along with her. She's reading about it struck out and now I'm just shit out of luck because be a big club because of the rotavirus
Oh,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So it's like a, try it, try it. It's like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What can I do
Natalie Austin: I try to try to get it off of her again. It's crazy.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I have what you need it for. What is she doing with it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: She wants. She's I don't know what's wrong with her. She was to rule by live. She hates me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You know, I even offered her buddy for it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah that should work. That's a good idea.
You know,
Natalie Austin: That's pretty smart.
Natalie Austin: Well,
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: So, see here
Natalie Austin: Do you use
Natalie Austin: Marijuana. No, no, marijuana or methamphetamines none of that stuff.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, not
Natalie Austin: That will
Galaxy J3 Orbit: That will put me in a panic attack.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I was gonna say
Natalie Austin: Any alcohol use.
Natalie Austin: No. Nope, okay to just
Natalie Austin: snort in her one
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Get on heroin.
Natalie Austin: That no okay
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And you just ignore that you don't
Natalie Austin: You don't shoot it up anymore.
Natalie Austin: No good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay review systems. He said, You have some nausea, vomiting, diarrhea,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, hot and cold a vision. My vision goes out.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What else is just restless legs restless orbs a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Hallucination hallucinations.
Oh, wow.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it's bad.
Natalie Austin: So yeah, you're, you're definitely withdrawal now.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So is it diarrhea. All that's positive for 14.6 reviewed next line of physical exam general lot about wonders female
Natalie Austin: How tall are you,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Five three
Natalie Austin: How much do you weigh
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Um, I would say 130 because I've lost weight from the drugs.
Natalie Austin: At amp D Perla cardiac pulses and attack lungs only respiration. Dad will understand it. It's Japanese know Demas like alert Maria times three plus uncooperative neuro creators to through 12 and tax.
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five five skin. Do you have any rashes at all.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Though no
Natalie Austin: A skin rashes lymphatics Ellen fan off with the
Natalie Austin: I want to check your pharmacies. Is this about. So you have Suboxone like eight slash to like once a day or twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Which one do you want
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Twice a day.
Natalie Austin: The tablets or the film.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And
Galaxy J3 Orbit: The pill.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Pill the film. I would fail.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You sure yeah
Natalie Austin: We can switch it if you don't, if you don't like it, you can switch it next month.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I was gonna get out
Natalie Austin: Give me a second. I want to send. That's another screen, I have to go to hear something. One sec.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because I tried the film before and it helps it helps
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh boy.
Natalie Austin: your date of birth is 11 mine.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What is your zip code.
Natalie Austin: 453654 or 5369 or 555 okay
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna call I'll send us in now.
Natalie Austin: So it should be ready within an hour so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, so what. So what is, you know, I take two a day that for how many days.
Natalie Austin: For a week. So I'm going to see you next week, next week.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies to anything.
No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what do you have any men are you taking any medications for anything else.
Natalie Austin: No, just the try left. Well, what those was that
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I don't take that because it read it out. So I don't have that no more.
Natalie Austin: And you look bad for anxiety.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, but it's not even anxiety pill. I looked it up it's
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's for like bipolar and schizophrenia. But that's all they could give you a prison because the prison policies.
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're right. Okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That actually works well for
Natalie Austin: For multiple things.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It works. It worked a little bit. I told it off to that. I said, I'm not gonna lie to you. I'm not gonna say that you know it worked. But I said, I'm not gonna say that it did help a little bit either
Natalie Austin: I'm going to see what I can
Natalie Austin: I can give it to you if you want but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, you can you can
Natalie Austin: Do
Galaxy J3 Orbit: If you want to. Yeah but adult adult fully hell.
Natalie Austin: Hey this is going to CBS on Fourth Street, is that correct
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Right. Yes.
Natalie Austin: And this sounds. This actually sends you a text. It's kind of bizarre but it sends you a text.
Natalie Austin: From good Rx that just
Natalie Austin: lets you know that I said it. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Attacks
Galaxy J3 Orbit: See
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, not yeah I got, I got an email but not a text.
Natalie Austin: What is your cell phone number.
I'll make sure 99377102641
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah. You're 937-710-2641 yeah we have that in there.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It might just be showing up on the screen or something. Um, I don't know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because I don't want to log out.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Log out to you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I know. Exactly. Okay. That's fine.
Natalie Austin: Let me put a note in here.
Natalie Austin: What do you remember what does the tri level, you were on
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It was a shoe. What was that
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I wanted was a
Galaxy J3 Orbit: A
Natalie Austin: Did they give you some when you were discharged. They usually give you some when you're
Natalie Austin: When you leave prison.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Though I don't have the bottle wispy, but I think they gave me 30 of them, but I think that it was 800 I thought for sure.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'm not for sure on that.
Natalie Austin: Once a day, twice a day.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Three times a day.
Natalie Austin: Times. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll look it up and I'll just give you like something if it's if it's 600 I don't even if they come in 800 back and look it up.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, I don't know. I though it was high.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Because I started at three, no wait, yeah. I started at 300 they raised me to 600 I'm pretty sure they raised me but
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You could be right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I can look it up.
Natalie Austin: Whatever.
Natalie Austin: You see here
Natalie Austin: That list.
Natalie Austin: Are you taking anything for birth control or anything or what are you doing about that.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, not ticket for that.
OK.
Natalie Austin: OK for try left till they have the other 600
Natalie Austin: There's 150 306 hundred
Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So it must have been sick soldier.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, I'll agree what milligram with this boxes bid.
Natalie Austin: Eight. Eight slash two
Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'll do it. I'll do it a grammar grammar board it a day of heroin.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, it's it's bad.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Galaxy J3 Orbit: When I hit that cigarette, please.
Natalie Austin: I'm going to try to, I'm going to try to find in the system because for the tread left. Do I gotta start after when you up. So I got to look in the system here and see what your
Natalie Austin: Past second to start you off with 600 too high. That make sense.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Today, when you up with the trilateral
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, the first. I was on 300
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And yeah yep that I want to 600
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So I can do that.
Natalie Austin: If you want to wait and talk to the psychiatrist, he can put you on something different. Since you're kind of like on the fence about it, helping
Natalie Austin: Some, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Whatever you want to do anyway.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: It's okay. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I mean, it's still. I mean, I don't know. Yeah, I need to talk to a psychiatrist fast too.
I know
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Well, I appreciate you help offering that
Natalie Austin: Oh, you're welcome. I just let me know. I'll see you like every Thursday. And then if if we can't get into see a psychiatrist, because we're hiring long, just let me know and I'll put you on something you can do something else. Even if you want
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So you guys don't have psychologists
Natalie Austin: Well, yeah, I'm through Ohio. You don't work a little harder one.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Oh god.
I know
Natalie Austin: But they might have hard one. By now, I don't know. So I'm not in that department.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You can even call back and see
Natalie Austin: If you want
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, yeah, I will call back
Natalie Austin: Assessment is
Natalie Austin: Attacks PTSD tobacco use.
Natalie Austin: History of IV drug use of your disorder F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: Plan.
Natalie Austin: Weekly group me med checks monthly EDS monthly ORs.
Natalie Austin: Check.
Natalie Austin: Directly to us discussed mental health exam completed follow with like hide first
Natalie Austin: In house for medical management for panic attacks and PTSD.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: That way, I will remind me to follow up to, if you don't hear a call from us. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, copy to Dr. Jamison for
Natalie Austin: Code.
To sign
Natalie Austin: Up for these other diagnoses in here.
Natalie Austin: I'll see a start. So you tax a slash to film one twice a day for one week I already sent that in. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome, they should call you.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I'll get a ride over there.
Natalie Austin: And then they'll send you information about
Natalie Austin: Your urine drug screen.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes.
Natalie Austin: You know, did they tell anything about that yet.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, the lady said that I would have to go to the closest place was Dublin, Ohio.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Uh huh. And then I said, Oh my God, because truth.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah. And then I said, why would a try at Sydney but boreal as she said, well, they might not let you because to coronavirus they go at all because that's not really you know incessantly for them so
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, if you guys could refer it to them like refer be so I have a better chance to be able to just go here in my town to get it good.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But if.if worse comes to worst I I think Molina does up transportation, but I don't know if to drive that far. I don't know.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: But I'm gonna have to bake app it's somehow
Right.
I mean,
Natalie Austin: We can do the the urine drug screens. We can send you a copy. And you can do that from home.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: How, how would I do that.
Natalie Austin: We just do they, do they take a video.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's all they just have you have you have to put your phone on and then go in the bathroom, what the doors.
Natalie Austin: I don't know exactly how I do it. But
Natalie Austin: That's an option too.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: I had mentioned that maybe next
Natalie Austin: Before you're going to get information on
Natalie Austin: Our group meetings. Next week anyway.
Although
Natalie Austin: I'd mentioned that to them.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, I'll go to
Natalie Austin: And that way you don't have to go out because he loved the labs, like you said, are closed, anyway.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah yeah
Galaxy J3 Orbit: So I'll just mention that to Danica
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Cuz I mean the labs are only that's just a general health, you know, we just want to check your liver and kidneys. So
Natalie Austin: It's not imperative, but the Europeans are important. We have to do those every month and those
Natalie Austin: Those are very important to our
Natalie Austin: To our treatment so
Natalie Austin: So if you can't get to live like right now. It's not like
Natalie Austin: You know, you're not gonna get kicked out of the program. If you don't get it on next.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Week.
Natalie Austin: That makes sense. Yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, no, thank you. Oh my god, worry
Natalie Austin: Oh, no, no.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Oh no, that was the best just to make sure your liver and kidneys are okay your heart. Everything's healthy with you. That's all.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: You see, if we covered everything. Do you have any other questions for me.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Though I saw just see that time. And how do I, how do I set your set up an appointment.
Natalie Austin: For that one.
on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: At noon and six we have group appointment with Rochelle.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And that's, that's what I renew your meds.
Um,
Natalie Austin: I yeah I would call back to them. One 800 numbers. Let them know like Danica know or email them whatever just say you add me to the Ohio group with Natalie.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Provider. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And they'll send you. It's called zoom room, you have my zoom room number
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, yeah.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So I'll just give you a new number for her.
Natalie Austin: And then both about what
Galaxy J3 Orbit: What time do I did. I'm logged it is due to see a
Natalie Austin: Product like 20 minutes to 12 I do a little bit sooner than later, because it
Natalie Austin: Sometimes it's hard to get in so many people are getting in.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So either. What do you do the noon one or the six o'clock one I
Natalie Austin: Do
Natalie Austin: 15
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Minutes, I would rather do six o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good, good. There's less people in that one. That'd be good. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: We know that well.
Natalie Austin: I'll let Rochelle now to
Natalie Austin: Let me text her right now. I'll text.
Show.
Natalie Austin: Me, one sec.
Natalie Austin: Katrina Fitzgerald.
Natalie Austin: at 6pm
Natalie Austin: Thursdays with Rochelle.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Ciao.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Bella hit that
Wants to see
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, he liked it.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: He didn't give me a new pair that I asked you. Right. Yeah, right on dogs desk.
Natalie Austin: PTSD.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: More Mark Well markers, yo.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: rideable
Natalie Austin: Looks Katrina Fitzgerald new patient wants Ohio group at 6pm Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: Show myself.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Like fighters for PTSD and
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yes, please.
Natalie Austin: Some good, okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah, that's fleet.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: You
Natalie Austin: Tell Rochelle to
Natalie Austin: She's a therapist. She's really cool. You like her.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: I like you.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, like you to
Natalie Austin: GERALD.
Natalie Austin: See us
Natalie Austin: New patient between if this girl wants to see us on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: at 6pm
Galaxy J3 Orbit: OK.
Natalie Austin: So the therapist knows to. There we go. Cool.
Natalie Austin: I think you're in like Flynn there.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Go get you build your medicine here I'd call them before you go out there, make sure they have it. There's
Natalie Austin: A call. Okay.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Okay, call the word
Natalie Austin: Yeah, otherwise.
Natalie Austin: I said it already. So it should be should be okay.
Any other questions.
Natalie Austin: I said the prescription
Natalie Austin: Over to CVS already so should be
Galaxy J3 Orbit: OK. OK.
Ready.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Alrighty, thank you so much. Natalie.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Any other questions.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: Though, I'll just call back
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And today and ask them about the psychiatrist.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Galaxy J3 Orbit: And then I'll see you Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll see you Thursday.
Natalie Austin: Have a good day.
Natalie Austin: You too. Bye bye.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Bye bye.